1- Explain the three basic types of cloud services and the AWS products that are built based on them?

Computing- EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, Auto-Scaling
Storage- S3, Glacier, Elastic Block Storage, Elastic File System
Networking- VPC, Amazon CloudFront, Route53
2- How do you upgrade or downgrade a system with near-zero downtime?

Open EC2 console
Choose Operating System AMI
Launch an instance with the new instance type
Install all the updates
Install applications
Test the instance to see if it’s working
If working, deploy the new instance and replace the older instance
Once it’s deployed, you can upgrade or downgrade the system with near-zero downtime.
3- What are the native AWS Security logging capabilities?

AWS CloudTrail

AWS Config

4- What is a DDoS attack, and what services can minimize them?

AWS Shield
AWS WAF
Amazon Route53
Amazon CloudFront
ELB
VPC

5- What are the different types of virtualization in AWS, and what are the differences between them?
Hardware Virtual Machine (HVM)

Paravirtualization (PV)

Paravirtualization on HVM 

6- Name some of the AWS services that are not region-specific!!

IAM
Route 53
Web Application Firewall 
CloudFront
S3

7- What are the different types of EC2 instances based on their costs?
On-demand Instance

Spot Instance

Reserved Instance

8- What are the common types of AMI designs?

Fully Baked AMI
JeOS AMI (just enough operating system)
Hybrid AMI
https://aws.amazon.com/answers/config...

9- How can you recover/login to an EC2 instance for which you have lost the key?

Detach the root volume for the instance

Attach the volume to a temporary instance (Prefer same version of OS)
Modify the configuration file
Attach volume to origianal Instance
Restart the original instance


10- What are the security features in AWS VPC?
Security groups
Network access control lists
Flow logs
11- How can you add an existing instance to a new Auto Scaling group?

Login to EC2 Console ..Select Instance ...Actions  Instance Settings Attach to AutoScaling Group .. Attach to existing AutoScalingGroup or Create new.